com/example/licenta/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.licenta.BuildConfig
com/example/licenta/databinding/AlertDialogExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.AlertDialogExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentMapsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentMapsBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/MealItemHolderBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.MealItemHolderBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentFoodBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentFoodBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ItemHolderAddFoodBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ItemHolderAddFoodBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ItemHolderExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ItemHolderExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/MealFoodItemHolderBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.MealFoodItemHolderBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentRecordsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentRecordsBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/DialogAddExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.DialogAddExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityScanBarcodeBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityScanBarcodeBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentPostsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentPostsBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityAddCustomExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityAddCustomExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/DialogEditExerciseRecordBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.DialogEditExerciseRecordBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentConnectionsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentConnectionsBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityAddFoodBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityAddFoodBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityAddExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityAddExerciseBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/DialogEditSelectedFoodBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.DialogEditSelectedFoodBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ItemHolderExerciseRecordBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ItemHolderExerciseRecordBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivitySetGoalsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivitySetGoalsBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityRegisterFoodToDbBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityRegisterFoodToDbBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityFoodInfoBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityFoodInfoBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/ActivityLoadingBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.ActivityLoadingBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentDiaryBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentDiaryBinding
com/example/licenta/databinding/FragmentGoalsBinding.java
 com.example.licenta.databinding.FragmentGoalsBinding
